# CS320-SNHU-Coursework

To ensure one's code is functional and secure, testing of that code is essential. Without proper testing of code before release, the results could be disastrous. With software not designed for any important function, these results would only be felt internally by hurting a companies revenue stream. However, technology is rapidly evolving and software is being developed to handle tasks that could affect the safety of users. Self driving cars, military equipment, factory ventilation systems, power grid control automation; all of these soon to be common use cases for software could result in harm to society or even physical harm to those benefitting from these software if released with unknown bugs that could be caught via proper testing. Ensuring security is also curcial as it protects these systems from outside attack and exploitations, which could be more detrimental than a bug in some cases. Writing secure code entails a whole other facet of coding not covered in the wealth of material for this course, but by coupling the use of proper, secure writing practices and extensive testing, the production of a safe, effective software is much more likely than without either or cutting corners in each process. 

Incorporation of user needs is the back bone of any system being developed as that is the entire purpose for it's development. Knowing a users needs of a system and studying them properly before coding begins allows developers to write efficiently and helps to ensure all functionality desired by end users is covered by those writing the code. Once a basic system has been developed, more cosmetic and less central user desires can be covered in the fine tuning of the system that has been developed, such as the user inteerface design or nonfunctional requirements that make said system more user friendly.

One should approach designing software with a "big picture" mind set. Getting caught up on smaller details tends to slow down the progress of any development project. It is important to keep a view of everything that is going on as opposed to hyperfocusing on a certain small section of code. This is not to say, however, that details are not important. A good programmer should pay meticulous attention to detail. However, too much attention to insginificant detail can slow the development process and should be avoided to maintain a beneficial and efficient level of productivity. The users needs, the basis for the system being designed, should also be kept in mind if not on a highly visible central location as a constant reminder as to the purpose of the development process. 
